Hint1: To access the newspapers in the zipfile, you must first use the Zipfile library to open the zipfile then iterate through the objects (newspapers)
in the zipfile using .infolist(). Try and write a simple routine to just go through the zipfile, printing out the name of the file as well as using
display(). Remember that the PIL.Image library can .open() files, and that items in .infolist() in the zipfile each appear to Python just as if they
were a file (these are called "file-like" objects).

Hint2: You can spend a lot of time converting between PIL.Image files and byte arrays, but you don't have to. Why not just store the PIL.Image objects
in a global data structure, maybe a list or a dictionary indexed by name? Then you can further process this data structure, by adding in information
such as the text detected on the pages or the bounding boxes behind faces.  Come to think of it, a list of dictionary objects, where each entry in the
list would have the PIL image, the bounding boxes, and the text discovered on the page, would be a handy way to store this data.

Hint3: A quick reminder - in Python all strings are just like lists of characters. Kind of (remember they are immutable lists - more like tuples!).
But this means you can use the in keyword to find substrings really easily. So the following statement will return True if the substring is matched:
if "Christopher" in my_text

Hint4: Creating the contact sheet can be a bit of a pain. But you can resize images without having to worry about the aspect ratio if you use the
PIL.Image.thumbnail function. I used it when creating out the output images, maybe you should too! And check out the lecture on the contact sheet,
you want to be careful that you don't "walk off" the end of the images when creating a row (or column).

Project:

1. This is a project with minimal scaffolding. Expect to use the the discussion forums to gain insights! It’s not cheating to ask others for opinions or
perspectives!
2. Be inquisitive, try out new things.
3. Use the previous modules for insights into how to complete the functions! You'll have to combine Pillow, OpenCV, and Pytesseract
4. There are hints provided in Coursera, feel free to explore the hints if needed. Each hint provide progressively more details on how to solve the
issue. This project is intended to be comprehensive and difficult if you do it without the hints.

Assignment:

Take a ZIP file of images and process them, using a library built into python that you need to learn how to use. A ZIP file takes several different files
and compresses them, thus saving space, into one single file. The files in the ZIP file we provide are newspaper images (like you saw in week 3). Your task
is to write python code which allows one to search through the images looking for the occurrences of keywords and faces. E.g. if you search for "pizza" it
will return a contact sheet of all of the faces which were located on the newspaper page which mentions "pizza". This will test your ability to learn a new
(library), your ability to use OpenCV to detect faces, your ability to use tesseract to do optical character recognition, and your ability to use PIL to
composite images together into contact sheets.
